watch-party-guidelines.md, before:

---
# Feel free to add content and custom Front Matter to this file.
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults

layout: page
title: Hosting a watch party
---

So you are an inspiring person and want to bring the SE community together for an exciting ICSE experience? We have good news, we provide you with the infrastructure to make this event known to the world. Everything else is up to you!

On this page, you will find technical instructions on how to register your party and some tips and guidelines that you should consider in your planning.


## How to announce your watch party

We are maintaining a [list of all watch parties](watch-party-list.html). This list is automatically generated and you are one pull request away from adding your own party!

Go to the [GitHub repository of this website](https://github.com/ICSE-Watch-Parties/2021) and follow the instructions in the readme 😉


## Deadlines

Obviously, there are no strict deadlines, you can even add your watch party while the conference is ongoing. However, we would strongly suggest to give your participants a bit of time to find you and plan accordingly. The bigger the event, the more important this is.

If you plan to host a larger watch party open for attendees outside your direct circle, we would like to ask you for an announce until *End of February 2021*. This announcement does not need to be complete right from the start, but it should serve as a declaration of intent.You can refine this announcement along with your ongoing planning.

## Guidelines
Health and safety is an important topic in times of a global pandemic.
Especially large social gatherings over a longer time can be an accelerator to the spread of Covid19.
This is why ICSE 2021 is setting guidelines that we expect every watch party to adhere to in order to keep all watch party attendees safe.
Please make sure that your watch party will follow:

Local Regulations
: - Check rules of your municipality / government with respect to social gatherings and ensure that your event will adhere to them

Max Number of Attendees
: - Set a maximum number of attendees that your location can host
  - Provide a contact for interested attendees to check if there are still places left

Registration of Attendees
: - Every attendee of a watch party should register beforehand
  - Every attendee should also be a registered attendee of the ICSE 2021 conference

Central Contact
: - Every watch party should identify a contact person for questions from the ICSE 2021 organizers and the watch party attendees

<!-- ## Points to consider outside of the announcement template
- do you need any support staff for the watch party? -->


## Questions
For any questions about the watch party concept you can contact Carolin Brandt at [c.e.brandt@tudelft.nl](mailto:c.e.brandt@tudelft.nl?subject=[ICSE2021WatchParty]%20Question%20about%20the%20ICSE2021%20Watch%20Party%20Guidellines).

Commit message:

adapt guidelines with feedback from last meeting

watch-party-guidelines.md, after:

---
# Feel free to add content and custom Front Matter to this file.
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults

layout: page
title: "Hosting a watch party: Guidelines"
---

So you are an inspiring person and want to bring the SE community together for an exciting ICSE experience? We have good news, we provide you with the infrastructure to make this event known to the world. Everything else is up to you!

On this page, you will find technical instructions on how to register your party and some tips and guidelines that you should consider in your planning.


## How to announce your watch party

We are maintaining a [list of all watch parties](watch-party-list.html). This list is automatically generated and you are one pull request away from adding your own party!

Go to the [GitHub repository of this website](https://github.com/ICSE-Watch-Parties/2021) and follow the instructions in the readme 😉


## Deadlines

Obviously, there are no strict deadlines, you can even add your watch party while the conference is ongoing. However, we would strongly suggest to give your participants a bit of time to find you and plan accordingly. The bigger the event, the more important this is.

If you plan to host a larger watch party open for attendees outside your direct circle, we would like to ask you for an announce until *End of February 2021*. This announcement does not need to be complete right from the start, but it should serve as a declaration of intent.You can refine this announcement along with your ongoing planning.

## Guidelines
Health and safety is an important topic in times of a global pandemic.
Especially large social gatherings over a longer time can be an accelerator to the spread of Covid19.
This is why ICSE 2021 is setting guidelines that we expect every watch party to adhere to in order to keep all watch party attendees safe.
Please make sure that your watch party will follow:

Local Regulations
: - Check rules of your municipality / government with respect to social gatherings and ensure that your event will adhere to them.

Max Number of Attendees
: - Set a maximum number of attendees that your location can likely host.
  - Describe how you select the attendees eligible to join your watch party, including cancellations in case the maximum number of allowed attendees drops.
  - Provide a contact for interested attendees to check if there are still places left.

Registration of Attendees
: - Every attendee of a watch party should register for the watch party beforehand.
  - Every attendee should also be a registered attendee of the ICSE 2021 conference.
  - You can request a registration / participation fee from your participants to share the costs associated with hosting the watch party.

Conference Days / Time Bands
: - Plan which days of the conference and which of the available time bands your watch party will cover.

Social Events
: - We encourage you to plan local social events in addition to the virtual ICSE events. Please make sure you're local events don't compete with the virtual ones. We want to give everyone around the world the chance to meet each other!
  - Encourage your participants to join the virtual social events and offer them facilities to join virtual events on their own during your watch party.

Central Contact
: - Every watch party should identify a contact person for questions from the ICSE 2021 organizers and the watch party attendees.

Updating your Announcement
: - Please update your announcements right away in case of any changes to your watch party.

<!-- ## Points to consider outside of the announcement template
- do you need any support staff for the watch party? -->


## Questions
For any questions about the watch party concept you can contact Carolin Brandt at [c.e.brandt@tudelft.nl](mailto:c.e.brandt@tudelft.nl?subject=[ICSE2021WatchParty]%20Question%20about%20the%20ICSE2021%20Watch%20Party%20Guidellines).
